README.md, before:

# Bitch
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/bitch.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/bitch)

A Ruby logger that uses OS X notifications.

![bitch](https://raw.github.com/JacksonGariety/bitch/master/bitch.jpg)

*Gets in yo face when you write ruby.*

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile under the `:development` tree:

    gem 'bitch'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

## Usage

Some examples of how to use your bitch:

1. `Bitch.yell("yo homie there's a problem") #=> true`
2. `Bitch.yell(message: "yo homie there's a problem", sound: "Frog") #=> true`
3. `Bitch.silence!; Bitch.yell("yo homie there's a problem") #=> false`

Example #2 takes options based on the [terminal-notifier](https://github.com/alloy/terminal-notifier) documentation.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Moves dependency on terminal-notifier to an independently-maintained fork, JacksonGariety/terminal-notifier. Now has a shiny ruby icon and Bitch name for notifications. Bitch.silence! no longer toggles, and Bitch.unsilence! has been added. Now checks Mac OS X version >= 10.8.

README.md, after:

# Bitch
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/bitch.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/bitch)

A Ruby logger that uses OS X notifications.

![bitch](https://raw.github.com/JacksonGariety/bitch/master/bitch.jpg)

*Gets in yo face when you write ruby.*

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile under the `:development` tree:

    gem 'bitch'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

## Usage

Some examples of how to use your bitch:

1. `Bitch.yell("yo homie there's a problem") #=> true`
2. `Bitch.yell(message: "yo homie there's a problem", sound: "Frog") #=> true`
3. `Bitch.silence!; Bitch.yell("yo homie there's a problem") #=> false`

Example #2 takes options based on the [terminal-notifier](https://github.com/alloy/terminal-notifier) documentation.

## Contributing

#### Cloning

This repo depends upon my fork of @alloy's `terminal-notifier` gem. To clone with submodules:

    $ git clone --recursive https://github.com/JacksonGariety/terminal-notifier.git

#### GitHub for dummies

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
